Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, regular displayed the products for each categories.
Okay, then know that to do this, we're going to need to go to the design for each category.
That is the category item five.
Okay.
Now we can then use control and be in that to make this slide.
Now the first step we are going to need to take is they're going to make all this clickable.
Okay.
Now to do that over this container, we can add lights and then use control and dots and wrap with widgets.
Are going to rob this with the gesture detector.
And as you know, the gesture detector has a privacy card on tap.
Okay, we can just create this function.
Okay, great.
Now the next step is when a user clicks on this host category.
We are going to take that user.
So in your screen, where just falls are going to be displayed.
Okay.
Now, to do this, they're going to need to create a new fee for this.
So over the screens dietary, we are going to create a new PHI and we can simply just call this FY fields.
This car.
Category then.
That's.
That's okay.
And we can just use our fields.
Okay.
So.
We can just use our film screen design so we can use contrast.
So I light in control and see to copy.
And then there is this.
And we can change the name to.
He feels.
Category.
Can just call this fierce category.
Great.
Okay, great.
Now let's go back to the cards.
Item designs, cred.
So the category.
Okay.
The category item that is designed for each category.
Now, the next step we are going to need to take is we're going to pass.
This category name.
So the nest roots, that is the roots you are going to be navigating that's user to.
Okay.
Now to do this so pass this data this category name data.
It has sped the navigation, so be it type of push name.
Okay.
So now what I to do is we're going to do this, which you've seen before.
I think we did it for detail, right.
Because we're going to do the same thing.
So we're going to go back to the.
The first category.
Then over a year you're going to say static.
Costs shrink.
And we can give this idea, we can give this idea and we can give this roots a name.
We can call this.
Fields he Jussie Smollett are fields.
Category screen.
Okay.
Great.
Nice country.
Necessary.
Okay.
Now you're going to need us to define this in the main, the dat fi.
We're not going to do The Simpsons movie Fields.
Skills category screen.
I'd.
Dan?
He's going to take the contest and then.
The fields.
Fields category screen.
Okay, great.
Great.
Now we're going to need to go back to the design for each category.
That's the category item.
Okay.
There's the wire.
And now we can then use control and be like, Yeah, we can now say, Nah, the kids are.
Dad's push name you have.
You can still use that off contest the same ten.
Or we can just say that push them.
You can see it as well as the contest.
Okay.
Then just gonna be.
Fields.
Screen.
That's it.
Okay.
This culture and this are just let's just take this.
Now click on this.
Okay, I think.
Okay.
Cassie.
Sorry.
This have to go back on this.
Okay.
You can see now what you're going to need to do is when when the user clicks on this, only the false
ability of this fade.
Okay.
Now, to do this, they're going to need to send data to this.
Screen over year.
So this screen.
Okay.
So in order to do that, this push name has a property known as documents.
Now we can simply just pass in that category.
This over here.
Copy this.
And.
So sorry.
Not Dad's.
This applies to the category name.
Okay.
Sorry.
Culture and see.
And.
You can then pass this.
I take?
Okay.
As well.
We need this.
Okay, great.
Now, if you've forgotten what this does, you can as well just go to the design.
We did design part for each category.
Right.
So you can just go to the lecture board.
You are simply doing it.
We are passing.
The category name, too.
That's Korean, right?
And over here you can see we have passed the index.
The dance is different to each item, right?
That is the watch is the shoes.
That is what you visit.
The passive.
Okay.
Now the necessary to do this is to save.
And you're going to need to go to.
The.
The details.
Sorry.
The fields.
The I think we call this.
Fields category, everything to come to this fly in order to accept those data.
Okay, now to accept it, all we just have to do is.
Within a year, you're going to create a finite variable.
And as we're going to call this, I'm going to call this category name.
We're going to equites you.
Model.
Model results.
Sorry.
Dots of contests.
Dots.
Settings then dot arguments that it's all just steps that value and are going to say as.
US shrink.
Okay.
Shrank.
So what we can then do is we can add this way.
Okay, great.
So we are simply accepting that data we just passed.
Okay.
Okay, I think.
Category item.
This data.
So the data can be the phones, the shoes and others.
Okay.
Right.
So you're going to go back to this.
His category.
In Watts, you can just then do what you can just do is we can cut this off from yeah let's see and
delete then paste this so.
Then, Piers, this.
After.
Okay.
Now we can get rid of this and.
Make it finer.
Okay.
Then instead of this, you can then see.
The dots.
Fine by category and past in the category name.
Okay.
You can see.
Get rid of this in this country.
Unnecessary.
So this category name is simply words.
We are using this model roots to assets, this data we just passed.
So I think.
The fields are ten.
Right.
So I isn't that model name.
So I suppose this data which could be phones, shoes and other.
Okay, well, I'm just gonna show you distressed.
So all we can do is we can print it out first.
Okay?
So.
Okay, we're going to go back to the first category.
So instead of this all we can just say parents category name.
Okay.
The case culture and this.
And new seminar.
Okay.
I think.
Via.
String is.
Okay, let's see.
So it's start again.
Okay.
Now click on this.
You can see.
Right.
And.
Okay.
Great.
So you can see your phones gonna be displayed.
Okay, so all you can do, I think.
Okay.
Yeah.
So we can get rid of this and use control and save.
Right.
Okay.
I think we have the phones category.
Right.
Okay.
Let's go to the design for each category.
Category item.
Sorry.
Yeah.
We do have the funds.
But for some reasons we are not seeing the data via.
Okay.
Click on this.
You can see all the clothes, the split.
Wow, that's nice.
Okay, click on this.
Okay.
For some reasons, I think we don't have the fonts.
I think we do the click on laptop.
Okay.
We don't have the laptop yet.
So all we can just do to make sure this is walk in.
You can change this to.
Look here, we don't have any phones.
That's why it is not displayed.
Right?
We all need to have clothes we don't have any products on.
That's a category.
Right.
Okay.
So you can just had two dads.
You can just had products to that category.
Okay.
So I'm just going to come back to this again.
So what we are simply saying is over here, we have the design for of other category item.
We have the designs for each category.
Right.
And we are making this clickable by wrapping this with a gesture detector.
And in order to pass value, it is better navigation to be a type of push name.
Right.
So it takes the arguments.
And now what you are simply doing is we are passing the category name to the first category screen.
Right.
And raising the intensity.
Let's assess each category.
Right.
Then in the category, in the first category, we are simply using something known as sorry in the fields.
In the first category.
We are simply using something known as the model roots to accept that data we passed in the argument.
Right.
That is that in these categories, in this category, in the right way is in its assets those data.
Now, by accepting those data, we have it away and we store the data in the variable called category
name.